refactor(list): add docs and improve list cmd (#8)
dhis2/cli-utils-codemods: docs/guides/listing_available_codemods.md

# Listing available codemods

The individual items of the result list that will be printed when using this
command can be copied and used directly in the apply command (without the
leading asterix and space).

-   [Copying the output for the apply
    command](#copying-the-output-for-the-apply-command)
-   [Listing all available codemods](#listing-all-available-codemods)
-   [Listing all codemods of a specific
    package](#listing-all-codemods-of-a-specific-package)
-   [Filtering the codemods by name](#filtering-the-codemods-by-name)

## Copying the output for the apply command

If the output contains the following:

```
@dhis2/d2
* @dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js
```

> Then `@dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js` part can be copied and used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then `@dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js` is a valid codemod specifier which can be applied like this:
```

```
d2-utils-codemods apply @dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js
```

## Listing all available codemods

> Listing the codemods can simply be done by using the `list` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `list` command will list all available codemods:
```

```
d2-utils-codemods list
```

> The above command will print all available codemods, e. g. like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will print all available codemods, like this:
```

```
@dhis2/cli-utils-cypress
* @dhis2/cypress-commands:replace-get-find-with-xxxxGetWithDataTest.js

@dhis2/d2
* @dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js
```

## Listing all codemods of a specific package

You can also list all available codemods for a specific package by providing
the package's name:

```
d2-utils-codemods list @dhis2/d2
```

> The above command will print all available codemods, e. g. like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will print all available codemods, like this:
```

```
@dhis2/d2
* @dhis2/d2:31.1.0-change-imports.js
```

## Filtering the codemods by name

> You can search the codemods by providing the `--name` argument. It will find
> all codemods if their name contains the passed in value at any position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can search the codemods by providing the `--name <searchKey>` argument. It will find
all codemods which contain the specified `searchKey` in their names.
```

```
d2-utils-codemods list --name change
```

> The above command will print all available codemods, e. g. like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command will print all available codemods, like this:
```
